# Week 5 questions: Making our framework more robust with Playwright

**Intructions**
It is time to implement some of the best practices we covered in Week 4. We will refactor our tests to use the Page Object Model and improve our test suite. We will also learn about controlling the execution of tests and creating better E2E tests. I want also to use this week to bring everyone to the same level of understanding of the topics we covered in Week 4.

Finally, we will learn about the use of steps and how they improve the readability of our tests.

With that in mind, let's start with some interview questions related to our week 5 topics.

## How is the test.step from Playwright compared with Steps in BDD and, for example, Cucumber?

## What are the benefits of using test.step?

## What are the methods to control the execution of tests in Playwright?

## How do you execute your tests from Playwright in different environments?

## Complete the following exercises:

We will continue building a good test suite against the state of the art ecommerce page we used for Week 4. You can access it [here](https://react-shopping-cart-67954.firebaseapp.com). Last week you automated some scenarios as part of the assignment of [Week 5](../Week%204/assignment.md).

Now it is time to improve them by using the Page Object Model and the test.step method from Playwright.

1. **POM**: Refactor the code for your tests to follow the page object model.

2. **Adding steps**: Add steps to your tests to make the test report generated by Playwright easy to read and understand.

3. **Setup Projects**: Create a Project to run the tests for Chrome and Mobile.

**Extra**: Any other tests you can think of at this stage of the development?

## Once happy with your tests, create a Pull Request in your repository and ask for a review from me. Make sure to include the test results in the PR description.

## Once the PR gets approved, merge it to your main branch.
